Junk Kouture is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and complying with your choices. Both personal and non-personal
information collected is safeguarded according to the highest privacy and data protection standards adopted worldwide. We have always
had an effective data protection program in place that complies with existing law and abides by the data protection principles. However,
we recognise our obligations in updating and expanding this program to meet the demands of the GDPR.

1. Our Commitment
1.1 Your information will not be shared, rented, or sold to any third party
We use security measures to protect your information from unauthorised users
We give you the possibility to control the information that you share with us (opt-out)
1.2 Junk Kouture is committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the GDPR.
1.3 Article 5 of the GDPR requires that personal data shall be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals.
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is
incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest,
scientific or historical research or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the
initial purposes;
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are
processed.
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that
personal data that are included are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are
processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the
purposes for which with personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods
insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific
or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate
technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and
freedoms of individuals; and
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against
unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss destruction or damage, using appropriate
technical or organisational measures

2. NOTICE
2.1 We will clearly inform you when information that personally identifies you (“personal information”) is asked
for you will have the choice to provide it or not. Generally, this information is requested when you
subscribe to our company updates, newsletters, or register for the competition.

3. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
3.1 Students: We will ask you to give us the following information: Your name, address, DOB, gender, school,
telephone number and email address. We will also ask you to disclose if you have health issues which
require special accessibility arrangements.
Teachers: We will ask you to give us the following information: Your name, address, gender, school, job
role, telephone number and email address. We will also ask for a copy of your certification by an
appropriate organisation, as well as your clearance to work with minors.
Voters: We will ask you to give us the following information: Your name, address, DOB, gender, school,
telephone number and email address

4. HOW DO WE USE THIS?
4.1 We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information that will allow you to use our services
To automatically customise your documents with your information
To alert you to any updates regarding the Junk Kouture competition
4.2 We collect your email when you register an account in order to send you informational communications
about Junk Kouture so you can make the use of our Junk Kouture experience. We also collect your email
to send you other relevant competition information.
4.3 We may also collect your name, language, and country information for a better experience with Junk
Kouture products/services.
4.4 When you register as a student/teacher for the competition, we collect your email address in order to
make contacting you about competition deadlines easier. We also collect your phone number in order to
contact you in case these emails bounce back because of human errors, i.e. a typo in your email address,
and we can not figure out the correct email address.

5. CONSENT
5.1 When you provide your personal information, you consent that it can be used for the above purposes and
that Junk Kouture is an authorized holder of such information. If you choose not to register or provide
personal information, you can still use our website but you will not be able to receive additional services or
access certain areas that require registration. When you activate your account, you are providing your
consent to occasionally receive information from us. In each communication from us, you will have the
opportunity to unsubscribe from further communications; alternatively, you may contact us to express
your choices at the address provided at the bottom of this page.

6. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
6.1 You are entitled to review the personal information you have provided us and ensure that it is accurate and
current at all times. To review or update this information simply enter your user account area and request
we send you the information.
7. SECURITY INFORMATION
7.1 Junk Kouture is strongly committed to protecting your information and ensuring that your choices are
honoured. We have taken strong security measure to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised
access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. All sensitive data is stored behind multiple firewalls on secure
servers with restricted employee access.
8. RETENTION OF INFORMATION
8.1 We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the services requested by you and others,
subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your
account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the services or until you ask us to
delete it or your account is deleted whichever comes first. Additionally, we may retain information from
deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist
with investigations, enforce the Terms of Use, and take other actions permitted by law. The information
we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Finally, your data could also be stored for
statistical purposes.
9. EU EEA USERS’ RIGHTS
9.1 If you are habitually located in the European Union or European Economic Area, you have the right to
access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain
processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in
certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below;
You have the right to access your personal data, and if necessary, have it amended or deleted or
restricted. In certain instances, you may have the right to the portability of your data. You can also ask us
to not send marketing communications and not to use your personal data when we carry out profiling or
direct marketing purposes. You can opt out of receiving email newsletters and other marketing
communications by following the opt out instructions provided to you in those emails.
10. WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION YOU SHARE
10.1 Your information is never shared outside the company without your permission. Inside the company, data
is stored behind multiple firewalls on secure servers with restricted user access.
10.2 When you register on our website, you are asked to provide your contact information, including a valid
email address. We use this information to send you updates about Junk Kouture and information about our
competition.
10.3 We may on occasion require the help of other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as
customer support and processing event registrations, We will only provide such companies with the
information required for them to perform these services; these service providers are bound by strict
privacy policies and are prohibited from using your information for any other purpose.
10.4 In very rare instances, Junk Kouture may disclose your personal information, without notice only if
required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to; (a) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Junk Kouture or the site; (b) protect and defend
the rights of the property of Junk Kouture and its family of websites and properties; and (c) act in urgent
circumstance to protect the personal safety of users of Junk Kouture, its websites, or the public.
11. HOW TO OPT OUT
11.1 We provide users with the opportunity to opt-out from receiving updates, newsletters and other
communications from us. You can opt-out by clicking the link provided in our electronic mailings or by
contacting us at the address at the bottom of this page.
12. DOES JUNK KOUTURE PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO LINKED WEBSITES?
12.1 Our privacy policy applies solely to information collected on our website. The site contains links to
websites of third parties (our partners). Junk Kouture is not responsible for the actions of these third
parties, including their privacy practices and any content posted on their websites. We encourage you to
review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personal
information. Junk Kouture adheres to industry recognised standards to secure any personal information in
our possession, and to secure it form unauthorised access and tampering.
12.2 However, as is true with all online actions, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept
transmissions of personal information, or other users of the site may misuse or abuse your personal
information that they may collect from the site.
13. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
13.1 If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes here so that you are always aware of
what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any
point we decide to use your information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was
collected, we will notify you by email.
14. ENFORCEMENT OF POLICY
14.1 If for some reason we believe Junk Kouture has not adhered to these principles, please notify us and we
will do our best to promptly make corrections.

